api	Arthropoda	Insecta	Hemiptera	Aphididae	Acyrthosiphon	NA
aag	Arthropoda	Insecta	Diptera	Culicidae	Aedes	NA
aga	Arthropoda	Insecta	Diptera	Culicidae	Anopheles	Anopheles gambiae
ame	Arthropoda	Insecta	Hymenoptera	Apidae	Apis	NA
aly	Streptophyta	NA	Brassicales	Brassicaceae	Arabidopsis	Arabidopsis lyrata
ath	Streptophyta	NA	Brassicales	Brassicaceae	Arabidopsis	NA
ago	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales	Saccharomycetaceae	Eremothecium	Eremothecium gossypii
act	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Eurotiales	Aspergillaceae	Aspergillus	Aspergillus clavatus
afv	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Eurotiales	Aspergillaceae	Aspergillus	Aspergillus flavus
afm	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Eurotiales	Aspergillaceae	Aspergillus	Aspergillus fumigatus
ani	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Eurotiales	Aspergillaceae	Aspergillus	Aspergillus nidulans
ang	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Eurotiales	Aspergillaceae	Aspergillus	Aspergillus niger
aor	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Eurotiales	Aspergillaceae	Aspergillus	Aspergillus oryzae
bbo	Apicomplexa	Aconoidasida	NA	Babesiidae	Babesia	Babesia bovis
bmor	Arthropoda	Insecta	Lepidoptera	Bombycidae	Bombyx	NA
bta	Chordata	Mammalia	NA	Bovidae	Bos	NA
bdi	Streptophyta	Liliopsida	Poales	Poaceae	Brachypodium	NA
bfo	Chordata	NA	NA	Branchiostomidae	Branchiostoma	NA
bmy	Nematoda	Chromadorea	Spirurida	Onchocercidae	Brugia	NA
cbr	Nematoda	Chromadorea	Rhabditida	Rhabditidae	Caenorhabditis	NA
cel	Nematoda	Chromadorea	Rhabditida	Rhabditidae	Caenorhabditis	NA
cal	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales	Debaryomycetaceae	Candida	Candida albicans
cdu	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales	Debaryomycetaceae	Candida	Candida dubliniensis
cgr	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales	Saccharomycetaceae	Nakaseomyces	Candida glabrata
ctp	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales	Debaryomycetaceae	Candida	Candida tropicalis
cfa	Chordata	Mammalia	Carnivora	Canidae	Canis	Canis lupus
cre	Chlorophyta	Chlorophyceae	Chlamydomonadales	Chlamydomonadaceae	Chlamydomonas	NA
cin	Chordata	Ascidiacea	Enterogona	Cionidae	Ciona	NA
clu	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales	Metschnikowiaceae	Clavispora	Clavispora lusitaniae
cim	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Onygenales	NA	Coccidioides	Coccidioides immitis
cpw	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Onygenales	NA	Coccidioides	Coccidioides posadasii
cci	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Psathyrellaceae	Coprinopsis	Coprinopsis cinerea
cnb	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Tremellaceae	Filobasidiella	Cryptococcus neoformans
cqu	Arthropoda	Insecta	Diptera	Culicidae	Culex	NA
cme	Eukaryota	Bangiophyceae	Cyanidiales	Cyanidiaceae	Cyanidioschyzon	Cyanidioschyzon merolae
dre	Chordata	Actinopteri	Cypriniformes	Cyprinidae	Danio	NA
dha	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales	Debaryomycetaceae	Debaryomyces	Debaryomyces hansenii
ddi	Eukaryota	NA	Dictyosteliida	NA	Dictyostelium	Dictyostelium discoideum
dme	Arthropoda	Insecta	Diptera	Drosophilidae	Drosophila	NA
dpo	Arthropoda	Insecta	Diptera	Drosophilidae	Drosophila	Drosophila pseudoobscura
ecu	Microsporidia	NA	NA	Unikaryonidae	Encephalitozoon	Encephalitozoon cuniculi
edi	Eukaryota	NA	NA	NA	Entamoeba	Entamoeba dispar
ehi	Eukaryota	NA	NA	NA	Entamoeba	Entamoeba histolytica
fgr	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Fusarium	Fusarium graminearum
gla	Eukaryota	NA	NA	Hexamitidae	Giardia	Giardia intestinalis
hsa	Chordata	Mammalia	Primates	Hominidae	Homo	NA
kla	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales	Saccharomycetaceae	Kluyveromyces	Kluyveromyces lactis
lbc	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Laccaria	Laccaria bicolor
lth	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales	Saccharomycetaceae	Lachancea	Lachancea thermotolerans
lbz	Eukaryota	NA	Kinetoplastida	Trypanosomatidae	Leishmania	Leishmania braziliensis
lif	Eukaryota	NA	Kinetoplastida	Trypanosomatidae	Leishmania	Leishmania infantum
lma	Eukaryota	NA	Kinetoplastida	Trypanosomatidae	Leishmania	Leishmania major
lel	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales	Debaryomycetaceae	Lodderomyces	Lodderomyces elongisporus
mgr	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Magnaporthales	Magnaporthaceae	Magnaporthe	Magnaporthe oryzae
mgl	Basidiomycota	Malasseziomycetes	Malasseziales	Malasseziaceae	Malassezia	Malassezia globosa
mtr	Streptophyta	NA	Fabales	Fabaceae	Medicago	NA
mgp	Chordata	Aves	Galliformes	Phasianidae	Meleagris	NA
pgu	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales	Debaryomycetaceae	Meyerozyma	Meyerozyma guilliermondii
mdo	Chordata	Mammalia	Didelphimorphia	Didelphidae	Monodelphis	NA
mmu	Chordata	Mammalia	Rodentia	Muridae	Mus	NA
nvi	Arthropoda	Insecta	Hymenoptera	Pteromalidae	Nasonia	NA
nve	Cnidaria	Anthozoa	Actiniaria	Edwardsiidae	Nematostella	NA
nfi	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Eurotiales	Aspergillaceae	Neosartorya	Neosartorya fischeri
ncr	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Sordariaceae	Neurospora	Neurospora crassa
oaa	Chordata	Mammalia	Monotremata	Ornithorhynchidae	Ornithorhynchus	NA
dosa	Streptophyta	Liliopsida	Poales	Poaceae	Oryza	Oryza sativa
ola	Chordata	Actinopteri	Beloniformes	Adrianichthyidae	Oryzias	NA
olu	Chlorophyta	Mamiellophyceae	Mamiellales	Bathycoccaceae	Ostreococcus	Ostreococcus 'lucimarinus'
ota	Chlorophyta	Mamiellophyceae	Mamiellales	Bathycoccaceae	Ostreococcus	NA
ptm	Eukaryota	Oligohymenophorea	Peniculida	Parameciidae	Paramecium	Paramecium tetraurelia
phu	Arthropoda	Insecta	Phthiraptera	Pediculidae	Pediculus	Pediculus humanus
pcs	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Eurotiales	Aspergillaceae	Penicillium	Penicillium rubens
pti	Bacillariophyta	Bacillariophyceae	Naviculales	Phaeodactylaceae	Phaeodactylum	Phaeodactylum tricornutum
pno	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Parastagonospora	Parastagonospora nodorum
ppp	Streptophyta	Bryopsida	Funariales	Funariaceae	Physcomitrella	NA
pif	Eukaryota	Oomycetes	Peronosporales	NA	Phytophthora	Phytophthora infestans
pbe	Apicomplexa	Aconoidasida	Haemosporida	Plasmodiidae	Plasmodium	Plasmodium berghei
pcb	Apicomplexa	Aconoidasida	Haemosporida	Plasmodiidae	Plasmodium	Plasmodium chabaudi
pfh	Apicomplexa	Aconoidasida	Haemosporida	Plasmodiidae	Plasmodium	Plasmodium falciparum
pkn	Apicomplexa	Aconoidasida	Haemosporida	Plasmodiidae	Plasmodium	Plasmodium knowlesi
pvx	Apicomplexa	Aconoidasida	Haemosporida	Plasmodiidae	Plasmodium	Plasmodium vivax
pyo	Apicomplexa	Aconoidasida	Haemosporida	Plasmodiidae	Plasmodium	Plasmodium yoelii
pan	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae	Podospora	Podospora anserina
pop	Streptophyta	NA	Malpighiales	Salicaceae	Populus	NA
rcu	Streptophyta	NA	Malpighiales	Euphorbiaceae	Ricinus	NA
sce	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales	Saccharomycetaceae	Saccharomyces	Saccharomyces cerevisiae
pic	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales	Debaryomycetaceae	Scheffersomyces	Scheffersomyces stipitis
smm	Platyhelminthes	Trematoda	Strigeidida	Schistosomatidae	Schistosoma	NA
scm	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Schizophyllaceae	Schizophyllum	Schizophyllum commune
spo	Ascomycota	Schizosaccharomycetes	Schizosaccharomycetales	Schizosaccharomycetaceae	Schizosaccharomyces	Schizosaccharomyces pombe
ssl	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Sclerotiniaceae	Sclerotinia	Sclerotinia sclerotiorum
smo	Streptophyta	NA	Selaginellales	Selaginellaceae	Selaginella	NA
sbi	Streptophyta	Liliopsida	Poales	Poaceae	Sorghum	NA
spu	Echinodermata	Echinoidea	Echinoida	Strongylocentrotidae	Strongylocentrotus	NA
ssc	Chordata	Mammalia	NA	Suidae	Sus	NA
tet	Eukaryota	Oligohymenophorea	Hymenostomatida	Tetrahymenidae	Tetrahymena	Tetrahymena thermophila
tps	Bacillariophyta	Coscinodiscophyceae	Thalassiosirales	Thalassiosiraceae	Thalassiosira	Thalassiosira pseudonana
tan	Apicomplexa	Aconoidasida	NA	Theileriidae	Theileria	Theileria annulata
tpv	Apicomplexa	Aconoidasida	NA	Theileriidae	Theileria	Theileria parva
tgo	Apicomplexa	Coccidia	Eucoccidiorida	Sarcocystidae	Toxoplasma	Toxoplasma gondii
tca	Arthropoda	Insecta	Coleoptera	Tenebrionidae	Tribolium	NA
tva	Eukaryota	NA	Trichomonadida	Trichomonadidae	Trichomonas	Trichomonas vaginalis
tad	Placozoa	NA	NA	NA	Trichoplax	NA
tbr	Eukaryota	NA	Kinetoplastida	Trypanosomatidae	Trypanosoma	Trypanosoma brucei
tcr	Eukaryota	NA	Kinetoplastida	Trypanosomatidae	Trypanosoma	Trypanosoma cruzi
ure	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Onygenales	Onygenaceae	Uncinocarpus	Uncinocarpus reesii
vpo	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales	Saccharomycetaceae	Vanderwaltozyma	Vanderwaltozyma polyspora
vvi	Streptophyta	NA	Vitales	Vitaceae	Vitis	NA
vcn	Chlorophyta	Chlorophyceae	Chlamydomonadales	Volvocaceae	Volvox	Volvox carteri
xtr	Chordata	Amphibia	Anura	Pipidae	Xenopus	NA
yli	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales	Dipodascaceae	Yarrowia	Yarrowia lipolytica
zma	Streptophyta	Liliopsida	Poales	Poaceae	Zea	NA
zro	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales	Saccharomycetaceae	Zygosaccharomyces	Zygosaccharomyces rouxii
bfu	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Sclerotiniaceae	Botrytis	Botrytis cinerea
hmg	Cnidaria	Hydrozoa	Anthoathecata	Hydridae	Hydra	NA
ppa	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales	Phaffomycetaceae	Komagataella	Komagataella pastoris
tru	Chordata	Actinopteri	Tetraodontiformes	Tetraodontidae	Takifugu	NA
abe	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Onygenales	Arthrodermataceae	Arthroderma	Arthroderma benhamiae
acan	Eukaryota	NA	Longamoebia	NA	Acanthamoeba	Acanthamoeba castellanii
acs	Chordata	NA	Squamata	Iguanidae	Anolis	NA
adl	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Auriculariales	Auriculariaceae	Auricularia	Auricularia delicata
aje	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Onygenales	Ajellomycetaceae	Histoplasma	Histoplasma capsulatum
amj	Chordata	NA	Crocodylia	Alligatoridae	Alligator	NA
aml	Chordata	Mammalia	Carnivora	Ursidae	Ailuropoda	NA
apla	Chordata	Aves	Anseriformes	Anatidae	Anas	NA
aqu	Porifera	Demospongiae	Haplosclerida	Niphatidae	Amphimedon	NA
asn	Chordata	NA	Crocodylia	Alligatoridae	Alligator	NA
atr	Streptophyta	NA	Amborellales	Amborellaceae	Amborella	NA
bacu	Chordata	Mammalia	Cetacea	Balaenopteridae	Balaenoptera	Balaenoptera acutorostrata
bcom	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Teratosphaeriaceae	Baudoinia	Baudoinia panamericana
beq	Apicomplexa	Aconoidasida	NA	Babesiidae	Babesia	NA
bom	Chordata	Mammalia	NA	Bovidae	Bos	NA
bor	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae	Bipolaris	Bipolaris oryzae
bpg	Chlorophyta	Mamiellophyceae	Mamiellales	Bathycoccaceae	Bathycoccus	NA
bsc	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae	Bipolaris	Bipolaris sorokiniana
bze	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae	Bipolaris	Bipolaris zeicola
cam	Streptophyta	NA	Fabales	Fabaceae	Cicer	NA
ccp	Eukaryota	Florideophyceae	Gigartinales	Gigartinaceae	Chondrus	NA
cfr	Chordata	Mammalia	NA	Camelidae	Camelus	NA
cge	Chordata	Mammalia	Rodentia	Cricetidae	Cricetulus	NA
cgi	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Tremellaceae	Filobasidiella	Cryptococcus gattii
chx	Chordata	Mammalia	NA	Bovidae	Capra	NA
cic	Streptophyta	NA	Sapindales	Rutaceae	Citrus	NA
cit	Streptophyta	NA	Sapindales	Rutaceae	Citrus	NA
clv	Chordata	Aves	Columbiformes	Columbidae	Columba	NA
cmk	Chordata	Chondrichthyes	Chimaeriformes	Callorhinchidae	Callorhinchus	NA
cmt	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Cordycipitaceae	Cordyceps	Cordyceps militaris
cmy	Chordata	NA	Testudines	Cheloniidae	Chelonia	NA
cne	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Tremellaceae	Filobasidiella	Cryptococcus neoformans
cot	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales	Debaryomycetaceae	Candida	Candida orthopsilosis
cput	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Boletales	Coniophoraceae	Coniophora	Coniophora puteana
crb	Streptophyta	NA	Brassicales	Brassicaceae	Capsella	NA
csl	Chlorophyta	Trebouxiophyceae	NA	Coccomyxaceae	Coccomyxa	Coccomyxa subellipsoidea
csv	Streptophyta	NA	Cucurbitales	Cucurbitaceae	Cucumis	NA
cten	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales	Debaryomycetaceae	Yamadazyma	Candida tenuis
cthr	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae	Chaetomium	Chaetomium thermophilum
cvr	Chlorophyta	Trebouxiophyceae	Chlorellales	Chlorellaceae	Chlorella	NA
dan	Arthropoda	Insecta	Diptera	Drosophilidae	Drosophila	NA
der	Arthropoda	Insecta	Diptera	Drosophilidae	Drosophila	NA
dfa	Eukaryota	NA	Dictyosteliida	NA	Dictyostelium	NA
dgr	Arthropoda	Insecta	Diptera	Drosophilidae	Drosophila	NA
dmo	Arthropoda	Insecta	Diptera	Drosophilidae	Drosophila	NA
dpe	Arthropoda	Insecta	Diptera	Drosophilidae	Drosophila	NA
dpp	Eukaryota	NA	Dictyosteliida	NA	Dictyostelium	NA
dse	Arthropoda	Insecta	Diptera	Drosophilidae	Drosophila	NA
dsi	Arthropoda	Insecta	Diptera	Drosophilidae	Drosophila	NA
dsq	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Polyporaceae	Dichomitus	Dichomitus squalens
dvi	Arthropoda	Insecta	Diptera	Drosophilidae	Drosophila	NA
dwi	Arthropoda	Insecta	Diptera	Drosophilidae	Drosophila	NA
dya	Arthropoda	Insecta	Diptera	Drosophilidae	Drosophila	NA
ecb	Chordata	Mammalia	Perissodactyla	Equidae	Equus	NA
ehe	Microsporidia	NA	NA	Unikaryonidae	Encephalitozoon	Encephalitozoon hellem
ehx	Eukaryota	NA	Isochrysidales	Noelaerhabdaceae	Emiliania	Emiliania huxleyi
ein	Microsporidia	NA	NA	Unikaryonidae	Encephalitozoon	Encephalitozoon intestinalis
ela	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales	Diatrypaceae	Eutypa	Eutypa lata
erc	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales	Saccharomycetaceae	Eremothecium	Eremothecium cymbalariae
eus	Streptophyta	NA	Brassicales	Brassicaceae	Eutrema	NA
fca	Chordata	Mammalia	Carnivora	Felidae	Felis	NA
fme	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Hymenochaetales	Hymenochaetaceae	Fomitiporia	Fomitiporia mediterranea
fve	Streptophyta	NA	Rosales	Rosaceae	Fragaria	Fragaria vesca
ggo	Chordata	Mammalia	Primates	Hominidae	Gorilla	Gorilla gorilla
gmx	Streptophyta	NA	Fabales	Fabaceae	Glycine	NA
gsl	Eukaryota	Bangiophyceae	Cyanidiales	Cyanidiaceae	Galdieria	NA
gtr	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Gloeophyllales	Gloeophyllaceae	Gloeophyllum	Gloeophyllum trabeum
gtt	Eukaryota	Cryptophyta	Pyrenomonadales	Geminigeraceae	Guillardia	Guillardia theta
hgl	Chordata	Mammalia	Rodentia	Bathyergidae	Heterocephalus	NA
isc	Arthropoda	Arachnida	Ixodida	Ixodidae	Ixodes	NA
kaf	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales	Saccharomycetaceae	Kazachstania	Kazachstania africana
lcm	Chordata	NA	Coelacanthiformes	Coelacanthidae	Latimeria	NA
ldo	Eukaryota	NA	Kinetoplastida	Trypanosomatidae	Leishmania	NA
lmi	Eukaryota	NA	Kinetoplastida	Trypanosomatidae	Leishmania	Leishmania mexicana
loa	Nematoda	Chromadorea	Spirurida	Onchocercidae	Loa	NA
lve	Chordata	Mammalia	Cetacea	Lipotidae	Lipotes	NA
maj	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Metarhizium	Metarhizium robertsii
maw	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Metarhizium	Metarhizium acridum
mbe	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Dermateaceae	Marssonina	Marssonina brunnea
mcc	Chordata	Mammalia	Primates	Cercopithecidae	Macaca	NA
mcf	Chordata	Mammalia	Primates	Cercopithecidae	Macaca	NA
mis	Chlorophyta	Mamiellophyceae	Mamiellales	Mamiellaceae	Micromonas	NA
mlr	Basidiomycota	Pucciniomycetes	Pucciniales	Melampsoraceae	Melampsora	Melampsora larici-populina
mpp	Chlorophyta	Mamiellophyceae	Mamiellales	Mamiellaceae	Micromonas	Micromonas pusilla
mrr	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Marasmiaceae	Moniliophthora	Moniliophthora roreri
mtm	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae	Myceliophthora	Myceliophthora thermophila
myb	Chordata	Mammalia	Chiroptera	Vespertilionidae	Myotis	NA
myd	Chordata	Mammalia	Chiroptera	Vespertilionidae	Myotis	NA
mze	Chordata	Actinopteri	Cichliformes	Cichlidae	Maylandia	NA
nce	Microsporidia	NA	NA	Nosematidae	Nosema	Nosema ceranae
ncs	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales	Saccharomycetaceae	Naumovozyma	Naumovozyma castellii
ndi	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales	Saccharomycetaceae	Naumovozyma	Naumovozyma dairenensis
nhe	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Fusarium	Nectria haematococca
npa	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Botryosphaeriales	Botryosphaeriaceae	Neofusicoccum	Neofusicoccum parvum
oas	Chordata	Mammalia	NA	Bovidae	Ovis	NA
obr	Streptophyta	Liliopsida	Poales	Poaceae	Oryza	NA
osa	Streptophyta	Liliopsida	Poales	Poaceae	Oryza	Oryza sativa
pale	Chordata	Mammalia	Chiroptera	Pteropodidae	Pteropus	NA
pbi	Chordata	NA	Squamata	Pythonidae	Python	NA
pbl	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Onygenales	NA	Paracoccidioides	Paracoccidioides lutzii
pco	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Phanerochaetaceae	Phanerochaete	Phanerochaete carnosa
pcy	Apicomplexa	Aconoidasida	Haemosporida	Plasmodiidae	Plasmodium	Plasmodium cynomolgi
pfa	Apicomplexa	Aconoidasida	Haemosporida	Plasmodiidae	Plasmodium	Plasmodium falciparum
pfd	Apicomplexa	Aconoidasida	Haemosporida	Plasmodiidae	Plasmodium	Plasmodium falciparum
pfj	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae	Pseudocercospora	Pseudocercospora fijiensis
pfp	Basidiomycota	Ustilaginomycetes	Ustilaginales	Ustilaginaceae	Anthracocystis	Anthracocystis flocculosa
pgr	Basidiomycota	Pucciniomycetes	Pucciniales	Pucciniaceae	Puccinia	Puccinia graminis
phd	Chordata	Mammalia	NA	Bovidae	Pantholops	NA
phi	Chordata	Aves	Passeriformes	Paridae	Pseudopodoces	NA
pon	Chordata	Mammalia	Primates	Hominidae	Pongo	NA
pper	Streptophyta	NA	Rosales	Rosaceae	Prunus	NA
pps	Chordata	Mammalia	Primates	Hominidae	Pan	NA
psq	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Corticiales	Punctulariaceae	Punctularia	Punctularia strigosozonata
pte	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae	Pyrenophora	Pyrenophora teres
ptg	Chordata	Mammalia	Carnivora	Felidae	Panthera	Panthera tigris
ptr	Chordata	Mammalia	Primates	Hominidae	Pan	NA
pvu	Streptophyta	NA	Fabales	Fabaceae	Phaseolus	NA
rno	Chordata	Mammalia	Rodentia	Muridae	Rattus	NA
shr	Chordata	Mammalia	Dasyuromorphia	Dasyuridae	Sarcophilus	NA
shs	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Russulales	Stereaceae	Stereum	Stereum hirsutum
sita	Streptophyta	Liliopsida	Poales	Poaceae	Setaria	NA
sla	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Boletales	Serpulaceae	Serpula	Serpula lacrymans
sly	Streptophyta	NA	Solanales	Solanaceae	Solanum	NA
smp	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Sordariaceae	Sordaria	Sordaria macrospora
sot	Streptophyta	NA	Solanales	Solanaceae	Solanum	NA
spaa	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales	Debaryomycetaceae	Spathaspora	Spathaspora passalidarum
tbl	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales	Saccharomycetaceae	Tetrapisispora	Tetrapisispora blattae
tcc	Streptophyta	NA	Malvales	Malvaceae	Theobroma	NA
tdl	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales	Saccharomycetaceae	Torulaspora	NA
tgu	Chordata	Aves	Passeriformes	Estrildidae	Taeniopygia	NA
tmn	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Calosphaeriales	Calosphaeriaceae	Togninia	Togninia minima
tms	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Tremellaceae	Tremella	Tremella mesenterica
tpf	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales	Saccharomycetaceae	Tetrapisispora	Tetrapisispora phaffii
tre	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Hypocreaceae	Trichoderma	Trichoderma reesei
tsp	Nematoda	Enoplea	Trichocephalida	Trichinellidae	Trichinella	NA
ttt	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae	Thielavia	Thielavia terrestris
tup	Chordata	Mammalia	Scandentia	Tupaiidae	Tupaia	NA
tve	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Onygenales	Arthrodermataceae	Trichophyton	Trichophyton verrucosum
val	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Glomerellales	Plectosphaerellaceae	Verticillium	Verticillium alfalfae
wse	Basidiomycota	Wallemiomycetes	Wallemiales	NA	Wallemia	Wallemia mellicola
xla	Chordata	Amphibia	Anura	Pipidae	Xenopus	NA
xma	Chordata	Actinopteri	Cyprinodontiformes	Poeciliidae	Xiphophorus	NA
ztr	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	Mycosphaerellaceae	Zymoseptoria	Zymoseptoria tritici
T10017	Arthropoda	Branchiopoda	Diplostraca	Daphniidae	Daphnia	NA
T10018	Streptophyta	NA	Fabales	Fabaceae	Lotus	NA
T10013	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Phanerochaetaceae	Phanerochaete	Phanerochaete chrysosporium
T10004	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales	Saccharomycetaceae	Saccharomyces	Saccharomyces uvarum
T10002	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales	Saccharomycetaceae	Saccharomyces	Saccharomyces mikatae
T10003	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales	Saccharomycetaceae	Saccharomyces	Saccharomyces paradoxus
T10005	Chordata	Actinopteri	Tetraodontiformes	Tetraodontidae	Tetraodon	NA
T10008	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales	Saccharomycetaceae	Lachancea	Lachancea waltii
eco	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Enterobacteriales	Enterobacteriaceae	Escherichia	Escherichia coli
C.owczarza	Eukaryota	Ichthyosparea	NA	NA	Capsaspora	NA
S.arctica	Eukaryota	Ichthyosparea	Ichthyophonida	NA	Shpaeroforma	NA